Docs: Clarify organizing pages into subfolders (#7896)
jekyll/jekyll: docs/_docs/pages.md

└── contact.html  # => http://example.com/contact.html
```

> If you have a lot of pages, you can organize them into subfolders. Unless there is a permalink entry in the page's front matter the same subfolders that are used to group your pages in your project's source will exist in the `_site` folder when your site builds. Each individual page is generated in said folders as file_name.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a lot of pages, you can organize them into subfolders. The same subfolders that are used to group your pages in your project's source will then exist in the `_site` folder when your site builds. However, when a page has a *different* permalink set in the front matter, the subfolder at `_site` changes accordingly.
```

```sh
.
|-- about.md          # => http://example.com/about.html
|-- Documentation     # folder containing pages

>     └── Doc1.md       # => http://example.com/Documentation/Doc1/index.html

Reviewer: If `about.md` generates `/about.html`, then `Documentation/Doc1.md` will generate `/Documentation/Doc1.html` unless there is a `permalink` entry in the page's front matter.
Please update the comment and paragraph above.

Author: Fixed as requested. spending too long playing with Jekyll now which has the other structure, sorry .

>     └── Doc1.md       # => http://example.com/Documentation/Doc1.html

Reviewer 2: we should not use capitals in a default example, please stick with lowercase.

Author: Fixed, thought it may have added clarification. I'm new to github etc so wasn't aware of the standard.

>     └── Doc1.md       # => http://example.com/Documentation/doc1.html

Reviewer: Does the filename get *downcased* at your end? Or is it just a typo?
On my Windows system, the **file path** is `_site\Documentation\Doc1.html`

Author: Just a typo, I will correct it now
